CALL FOR AUDIENCE PARTICIPATION

Blockchain @ SACMAT'19: First International Workshop on Blockchains and 
Distributed Ledger Technologies @ ACM SACMAT 2019. 

Toronto, Canada. June 3, 2019
https://blockchain-conf.github.io/

OBJECTIVES:
The objective of this one-day workshop is to bring blockchain researchers and 
practitioners together and discuss opportunities to exploit blockchain and DLTs
across a variety of application domains.  Furthermore, this workshop will also 
examine the state-of-art in blockchain research, and challenges to be solved in
order to improve usability and adoption of the technology.

The workshop aims to provide a balanced outlook and is designed for wide 
audience of industrial and academic participants. There will be a broad range 
of talks to cater to both beginners and advanced blockchain users. Furthermore, 
the talks will range from applications and experiences using DLTs to 
theoretical, technical, and system-oriented topics.

STRUCTURE:
The morning sessions will feature a introductory tutorial on blockchain 
technologies. We first study the original Bitcoin design, as well as Ethereum 
and Hyperledger, and reflect on their design from an academic perspective. 
We provide an overview of potential applications and associated research 
challenges, as well as a survey of ongoing research projects. We mention 
opportunities blockchain creates for event-based systems. Finally, we 
conclude with a walkthrough showing the process of developing a decentralized 
application (DApp), using a popular Smart Contract language (Solidity) for 
the blockchain platform of Ethereum. 

The afternoon sessions feature talks from academic and industrial speakers.
Please consult the workshop webpage for more details.

TOPICS COVERED INCLUDE, BUT ARE NOT LIMITED TO:
1) Integration of access control technologies with DLTs
2) Cryptography mechanisms for blockchains
3) Application domains for blockchains (e.g., eHealth, IoT, supply chains, real
   estate, etc.)
4) Scalability and performance of blockchain systems
5) Security, privacy, and trust in blockchains
6) Consensus mechanisms (e.g., Proof-of-work, Proof-of-stake, PBFT, Merkle DAG, 
   etc.)
7) On-going research in popular blockchain systems (e.g. Ethereum, Hyperledger, 
   etc.)
8) Layer 2 and off-chain solutions (e.g., State channels, Plasma)
9) Smart contract languages, modeling, and verification
10) Theory, cryptoeconomy, and attacks of blockchain systems

REGISTRATION:
SACMAT conference attendees are welcome to attend the workshop day. For others, 
the option to register for one day is available on the SACMAT registration page.

WORKSHOP CHAIR:
Kaiwen Zhang (Ecole de technologie superieure)
